feat: ui.search_field (#999)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/ui/docs/components/search_field.md

# Search Field

Search fields are specialized text fields designed for searching.

## Example

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_search_field_basic = ui.search_field(
    label="Description", on_change=lambda value: print(f"Search changed to {value}")
)
```

## Value

A search field's value is empty by default, but the `default_value` prop can set an initial, uncontrolled value, or a controlled value can be set via the `value` prop.

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_search_field_value_examples():
    value, set_value = ui.use_state("Aardvark")
    return [
        ui.search_field(label="Search (Uncontrolled)", default_value="Aardvark"),
        ui.search_field(label="Search (controlled)", value=value, on_change=set_value),
    ]

my_search_field_value_examples = ui_search_field_value_examples()
```

## HTML Forms

Search fields can support a `name` prop for integration with HTML forms, allowing for easy identification of a value on form submission.

```python
from deephaven import ui

> my_search_field_name_example = ui.form(
>     ui.search_field(label="Email", name="email", type="email")
> )

Reviewer: Add an `on_submit` here, otherwise when you press `Enter` in the search field it 'submits" the form and loads a new page.
By adding `on_submit=print`, it just prints out the data instead:
```suggestion
my_search_field_name_example = ui.form(
    ui.search_field(label="Email", name="email", type="email"),
    on_submit=print
)
```

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_search_field_necessity_indicator_examples():
    return [
        ui.search_field(label="Search", is_required=True, necessity_indicator="label"),
        ui.search_field(label="Search", necessity_indicator="label"),
    ]

my_search_field_necessity_indicator_examples = (
    ui_search_field_necessity_indicator_examples()
)
```

## Events

The `on_change` property is triggered whenever the value in the search field is edited.

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_search_field_on_change():
    value, set_value = ui.use_state("")
    return [
        ui.search_field(label="Your search", value=value, on_change=set_value),
        ui.text(f"Search has been changed to: {value}"),
    ]

my_search_field_on_change = ui_search_field_on_change()
```

The `on_submit` property is triggered whenever the value in the search field is edited.

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_search_field_on_submit = ui.search_field(
    on_submit=lambda e: print(f"Submitted value: {e}")
)
```

> The `on_clear` property is triggered whenever the value in the search field is edited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `on_clear` property is triggered whenever the value in the search field is cleared.
```

@ui.component
def ui_search_field_label_position_examples():
    return [
        ui.search_field(label="Sample Label"),
        ui.search_field(
            label="Sample Label", label_position="side", label_align="start"
        ),
    ]

my_search_field_label_position_examples = ui_search_field_label_position_examples()
```

## Help text

A search field can have both a `description` and an `error_message`. The description remains visible at all times, except when the `validation_state` is set to "invalid" and an error message is present. Use the error message to offer specific guidance on how to correct the input.

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_search_field_help_text_examples():
    return [
        ui.search_field(
            label="Search",
            default_value="Sushi",
            validation_state="valid",
            description="Enter a query",
        ),
        ui.search_field(
            label="Search",
            validation_state="invalid",
            error_message="Empty input is not allowed.",
        ),
    ]

my_search_field_help_text_examples = ui_search_field_help_text_examples()
```

## Contextual Help

> Using the `contextual_help` prop, a `ui.contextual_help` can be placed next to the label to provide additional information about the search field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `contextual_help` prop places a `ui.contextual_help` next to the label to provide additional information about the search field.
```

@ui.component
def ui_search_field_value_examples():
    value, set_value = ui.use_state("Aardvark")
    return [
        ui.search_field(label="Search (Uncontrolled)", default_value="Aardvark"),
        ui.search_field(label="Search (controlled)", value=value, on_change=set_value),
    ]

my_search_field_value_examples = ui_search_field_value_examples()
```

## HTML Forms

Search fields can support a `name` prop for integration with HTML forms, allowing for easy identification of a value on form submission.

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_search_field_name_example = ui.form(
    ui.search_field(label="Email", name="email", type="email"),
    ui.button("Submit", type="submit"),
    on_submit=print,
)
```

## Labeling

To provide a visual label for the search field, use the `label` prop. To indicate that the search field is mandatory, use the `is_required` prop.

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_search_field_is_required_examples():
    return [
        ui.search_field(label="Search"),
        ui.search_field(label="Search", is_required=True),
    ]

my_search_field_is_required_example = ui_search_field_is_required_examples()
```

> By setting `is_required` to True, the `necessity_indicator` is set to "icon" by default, but this can be changed. The `necessity_indicator` can also be used independently to indicate that the search field is optional.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By setting `is_required` to True, the `necessity_indicator` is set to "icon" by default. This can be changed with the `necessity_indicator` prop, which can be used independently to indicate that the search field is optional.
```

> When the `necessity_indicator` prop is set to "label", a localized string will be generated for "(required)" or "(optional)" automatically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When `necessity_indicator` is set to "label," a localized string will be automatically generated for "(required)" or "(optional)."
```

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_search_field_necessity_indicator_examples():
    return [
        ui.search_field(label="Search", is_required=True, necessity_indicator="label"),
        ui.search_field(label="Search", necessity_indicator="label"),
    ]

my_search_field_necessity_indicator_examples = (
    ui_search_field_necessity_indicator_examples()
)
```

## Events

The `on_change` property is triggered whenever the value in the search field is edited.

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_search_field_on_change():
    value, set_value = ui.use_state("")
    return [
        ui.search_field(label="Your search", value=value, on_change=set_value),
        ui.text(f"Search has been changed to: {value}"),
    ]

my_search_field_on_change = ui_search_field_on_change()
```

> The `on_submit` property is triggered whenever the value in the search field is edited.

Author: No it was not correct thank you! Just fixed it now

            label="Search",
            validation_state="invalid",
            error_message="Empty input is not allowed.",
        ),
    ]

my_search_field_help_text_examples = ui_search_field_help_text_examples()
```

## Contextual Help

The `contextual_help` prop places a `ui.contextual_help` next to the label to provide additional information about the search field.

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_search_field_contextual_help_example = ui.search_field(
    label="Animal",
    contextual_help=ui.contextual_help(
        ui.heading("Information about animals"),
        ui.content(
            "Animals are classified into two main categories – the vertebrates and the invertebrates."
        ),
    ),
)
```

## Custom width

The `width` prop adjusts the width of a search field, and the `max_width` prop enforces a maximum width.

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_search_field_width_examples():
    return [
        ui.search_field(label="Animal", width="size-3600"),
        ui.search_field(label="Animal", width="size-3600", max_width="100%"),
    ]

my_search_field_width_examples = ui_search_field_width_examples()
```

## Custom icon

> The `icon` prop changes the icon within the search field. This can quickly indicate to the user what the field is for. The complete list of icons can be found in [`icon`](./icon.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `icon` prop changes the icon within the search field. This can quickly indicate to the user what the field is for. The complete list of icons can be found in [`icon`](./icon.md).
```
